Prepare information for release 0.1.0. (#67)
ios-course/ironfoudation-team-project: README.md

## Installation

**Pre-requisites**: _installed Xcode with the version specified under the [current dev environment](#current-dev-environment)._

> 1. Go to the [Release](https://github.com/ios-course/ironfoudation-team-project/releases) section in the current repository.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
1. Go to the [Releases](https://github.com/ios-course/ironfoudation-team-project/releases) section in the current repository.
```

Author: Thanks, fixed it.

## Installation

> **Pre-requisites**: _installed Xcode with the version specified under the [current development environment](#current-dev-environment)._

Reviewer: Where's the `current development environment` section?

Author: This section is at the beginning of this file. The link is points to it.
<img width="371" alt="Screenshot 2023-05-31 at 10 49 14 AM" src="https://github.com/ios-course/ironfoudation-team-project/assets/120586844/5103a824-9d49-413d-b617-dd48b42c04c6">

Author: Fixed the name.

> 1. Go to the [Release](https://github.com/ios-course/ironfoudation-team-project/releases) section in the current repository.
> 2. Select the latest one or any specific release you want to install.

Reviewer: You can use the following numeration to make it more convenient and to avoid issues:
```suggestion
1. Go to the [Release](https://github.com/ios-course/ironfoudation-team-project/releases) section in the current repository.
1. Select the latest one or any specific release you want to install.
1. ...
```

Reviewer: Please update the list as we have discussed.

Author: The list are updated.

> 2. Select the latest one or any specific release, that you want to set up.

Author: Thanks, fixed it.

> 2. Select the latest one or any specific release, that you want to set up.

Author: Agree.I think, it will be better if we remove this description from the release_nodes.md file to the release section in GitHuband and delete it after that. But will discuss it today:).

3. Download the archive in the format that best suits your needs from the attached `Assets`.
4. Extract the project from the downloaded archive.

> 5. Open file `Woof.xcodeproj` from a directory with the extracted project in Xcode.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
5. Navigate into the extracted dir and open the `Woof.xcodeproj`file in Xcode.
```

Author: Thanks, fixed it.

6. Select your device as a run destination for the project. If you don't know how to run the app on a real device, please check the [documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/running-your-app-in-simulator-or-on-a-device).
7. Press the `Run` button.

> 8. Profit 🥳. 
> 9. Enjoy the app.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
8. Profit! Enjoy the app. 🥳
```

Author: Thanks:), fixed it.
